Hi AxieGov Hackathon friends! MaJimdz here aka Jimdzie to digital friends:) I am the noob but not so noob but still a noob (hahaha! whatever) who dared to join Axie Infinity's July 2024 Community Asset Treasury Dashboard Hackathon Challenge.
It has been sometime since I last (seriously) engaged in coding. I used to teach a few programming languages before (just the basics) -- Turbo Basic (yes, ancient one, lols!) and then a decade ago, C++, to sophomore college students (senior high equivalent now where I am) and then for a time, was a technical writer for a few beginners' books: HTML/HTML5 with CSS, Javascript and PHP with MySQL for a US book publishing company (also more than a decade ago :D :D :D ) As of now. it is the Systems Development Lifecycle that is more akin to me.
My strength is in the business analytics phase -- client engagement and finalizing the requirement preliminaries (to make sure we're on the same page). The same is the scope of my initial submission to the AxieGov Hackathon - a video walkthrough of my team's proposed dashboard UI. Just an animated video, no sound, so feel free to pause the video for a longer look at the descriptions being shown.
My productivity tools are simple: MS Powerpoint and Debut Recording software. I hope I had conveyed in the video, the functionalities that future dasboard users and project sponsor wanted to see. Thanks to this Hackathon, I am pursuing coding again, yay! Our proposed dashboard MVP included both Tracks 1 & 2 of the Hackathon Challenge.
Viewing the Axie Infinity Governance and Marketplace page sources paved way for my discovery of w3.css and Axie's social links footer too. 
I am now very enthusiastic to familiarize myself and adopt w3.css as I develop the initial versions of our dashboard more when I receive the go signal to continue with the development.
Let's see what happens after August 9, 2024, the public viewing date of the AxieGov Hackathon Participants' initial submission. If Team PrazaBigazatUlam is allowed to proceed in the next phase, we'll see how far my enthusiasm will lead my team to developing the full version of the dashboard... or... what if... the participants remaining in the challenge end up... collaborating as one team? Wooooow! That will be cool and awesome! Yay! All the best to us!!!
A brief look at the members of PrazaBigazatUlam: There were initially five of us -- a Business Analyst/Coder/UI Designer (that's me), an Axie Classic and Origin player who is the team's resource person in understanding Axie Infinity's ecosystem, environment and game play and advised me it is ideal that there is the same feel of our dashboard's UI and that of Axie Infinity's, then we have a digital graphic designer who is still on stand by awaiting full development as it is in that phase where he will be doing his tasks; a software engineer industry practitioner from whom I consult some technical matters from time to time and lastly, a researcher but is no longer involved as her prior and current engagements would conflict  joining us.
As for continuing learning resource, I signed in to w3schools to learn w3.css which has been my steady reference since July 15, 2024 and accidentally, Copilot whom I nicknamed Copi whose icon was just sitting there in my laptop's taskbar. I was able to immediately recall float: right because of Copi. So the generative AI app was my guest member for a while :) . I don't see the icon now in my taskbar as I finish this readme.
